# CHENYUAN YANG
Shanghai | 22307130511@m.fudan.edu.cn

## EDUCATION
**Fudan Universit**y, Shanghai, China | **Majoring in Computer Science and Technology** | Sep 2022 – Jun 2026
- Cumulative GPA: 3.67/4.0
- Third Prize for the 2023-2024 & 2022-2023 academic year Fudan University Outstanding Student Scholarship
**Exchange in University of California**, Davis, Davis CA, US | Sep 2024 – Dec 2024
•	Cumulative GPA: 4.0/4.0

## COMPUTER SKILLS
Programming Languages: C / C++ / Python / R /Bash
Front-end Frameworks: Vue(HTML, JavaScript/TypeScript, CSS), React
Database: PostgreSQL
Operating Systems: Project development based on Linux
Hardware Design: Designing hardware logic in Vivado and conducting simulation verification

## PROJECTS AND LABORATORY EXPERIENCE
**Fudan University Natural Language Processing Group**, Shanghai, China | Apr 2024 – Present
_Undergraduate Intern_
- Conduct data preprocessing and cleansing to prepare datasets for NLP model training and evaluation, ensuring high-quality input. Assist in the creation and evaluation of datasets, including labeling and quality assurance, for supervised and unsupervised learning tasks in areas such as sentiment analysis, information extraction, and text summarization.
- Investigate findings from recent publications on NLP and apply theory to practice. Design and implement a safety alignment experiment by using Python and PyTorch to evaluate the safety of responses generated by a fine-tuned supervised model in our NLP lab, ensuring that the outputs align with safety standards or ethical guidelines to prevent harmful, biased, or inappropriate content.

**THINKDRIVE Autonomous Driving and Digital Twin System (Entrepreneurship Training Project)**, Shanghai, China | Apr 2024 – Present
_Web Front-end Developer_									  	                        
- Constructed the web interface for the digital twin system. Designed intuitive and responsive user interfaces, improving user interaction experience. Implemented front-end data processing logic to ensure seamless data integration and presentation, along with maintenance and optimization.
- Assisted in building a complete simulation training platform for efficient training and improvement of the autonomous driving AI model.

Win Excellence Award & Popularity Award in the **Shanghai Library Open Data Competition** | Jun 2024 – Aug 2024
_Team Leader, Web Front-end Developer_
- Led the team to build the “Shanghai Showcase” website(https://www.sharch.city), which offers an immersive guided tour of Shanghai’s historic buildings, empowering the preservation of architectural heritage
- Designed and built an appealing and highly interactive website interface. Assisted with extracting data from open databases and employing RAG technology to retrieve information from customized databases.

## INTERNSHIP
**Software Testing & Development Intern, Transwarp**, Shanghai | Dec 2024 – Present
- Designed testing strategies. Conducted automated testing in diverse simulation settings to monitor ArgoDB’s performance metrics, identifying issues and bottlenecks.
- Analyzed test results and performed initial troubleshooting to pinpoint issues, providing actionable insights for optimization.
- Developed a web-based real-time dashboard to display test results and analysis reports, enabling development and product teams to track metrics and make data-driven decisions.

## LEADERSHIP EXPERIENCE AND VOLUNTEER SERVICES
Class President of the Computer Science Undergraduates Class of 2022 | Sep 2023 – Present
- Assisted the counselor in managing a class of 120 students, organizing and coordinating various internal and external activities, including spring outings, choir competitions, and the production of military training videos.
- Ensured efficient and orderly class operations, enhancing teacher-student connections and class cohesion.
Volunteer Services:
  - FISS (Fudan University Summer International Program) Buddy | Preparation of various tasks to assist summer exchange students | Jul 2024 – Aug 2024
  - Ceramic Art Association "Sunshine Home" Practice Activity | Guiding individuals with intellectual disabilities in making ceramics | Mar 2023 – May 2023
